#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip bigskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Project scope
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The project scope is limited to researching, designing and building an active
 speaker system with digital control unit.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Research and design 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The results of the research and design work will be shared with the client
 by means of three research papers and several reports.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Speaker: The speaker is supplied by the client and therefore this part of
 the project requires no further research or design work.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Power amplifier: The amplifier will be designed by the project group and
 needs to meet the client's specifications.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Pre amplifier: The pre-amplifier schematics are supplied by the client.
 Various component values need to be calculated to meet specifications.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Power supply: The power supply will be designed by the project group and
 needs to meet the client's specifications.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Digital control unit: The functionality of this part is unknown.
 This needs to be discussed with the client to find out exactly what they
 want.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Building
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The power amplifier, preamplifier, power supply and digital control unit
 will be assembled and tested by the project group.
 Test results will be shared with the client in the measurement reports.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
