#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip bigskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Quality
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Preamplifie
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The specifications of the preamplifier are given in the projectbook.
 The components must be calculated to meet the specifications and the components
 must be wel soldered.
 Multisim or Capture Lite (Orcad) can be used to verify the calculations.
 After the soldering is complete, the preamplifier must be tested by adding
 measurement points and measuring these points to verify if the preamplifier
 meets the required specifications.
 Simulations can also be used to simplify the verification.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Power amplifier
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The specifications of the power amplifier are given in the projectbook.
 The components must be calculated to meet the specifications and the components
 must be wel soldered.
 Multisim or Capture Lite (Orcad) can be used to verify the calculations.
 After the soldering is complete, the power amplifier must be tested by
 adding measurement points and measuring these points to verify if the power
 amplifier meets the required specifications.
 Simulations can also be used to simplify the verification.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Digital part
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The functionality of the digital part is unknown and therefore must be improvise
d and realised by the project team.
 The improvised features must be discussed with the project coach and the
 project coach must approve the improvised features before it can be realised.
 The digital part must ultimately be tested after the realisation proces.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Documentation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
All documents are to be written in English without grammar mistakes.
 If a project member is not sure how an English word is written, they can
 search online, ask other project team members or consult mrs.
 Laponder.
 All documents must also be writtin in LaTeX.
 Every project team member must provide feedback for each others assigned
 documents.
 The documents will be placed in the GitHub repository where the documents
 are accessible to every project team members.
 GitHub is used for this project, because all documents can be easily monitored.
 GitHub also gives an overview of modified documents and who modified the
 documents.
 This prevents possible miscommunication between the project team members
 and loss in documents and information regarding the contents of the documents.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
