#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman lmodern
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip bigskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Costs and benefits
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There are costs that must be taken into consideration for carrying out the
 final project (PRO-Q2) of the first two years of the Electrical Engineering
 course at The Hague University of Applied Sciences.
 There are also benefits for carrying out PRO-Q2.
 The costs and benefits ultimately decide whether the project should be
 carried out or not.
 If the costs are higher then the benefits, then a decision must be made
 between abandoning the project or making changes in the project regarding
 the materials, location etc.
 The costs and benefits are therefore crucial for the project.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The costs for the project 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

PRO-Q2
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 are:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The amount of time that each project member worked.
 Each project member must work at least 224 hours on the project.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The necessary components and tools for building the preamplifier, power
 amplifier and the DCU.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The power supply.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The travel expenses.
 Project members have to travel by train, car, bus or bike to reach their
 workplace.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The workplace which is The Hague University of Applied Sciences established
 in Delft.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Necessary knowledge for carrying out the project PRO-Q2.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The benefits for the project 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

PRO-Q2
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 are:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
ETCS.
 The reward for succesfully clearing project PRO-Q2 is 8 ETCS.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Research papers.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Calculation reports.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Measurements reports.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Draft of the poster presentation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Final design report.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
A fully functional and active loudspeaker.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
