#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman lmodern
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip bigskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Risks analysis
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
During this project there are several risk factors that need to be taken
 into account.
 These factors can be divided into two subgroups: internal and external
 risk factors.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Examples of internal risk factors are: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Insufficient Leadership: Not everyone is a born leader.
 In our group the project leader is choosen based on inexperience rather
 than experience, because the educational value is more important to us
 than having the best leader in this position.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Inexperience: The project members are inexperienced and therefore they might
 not be up to the task.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Language barrier: This project's working language is English and therefore
 all documentation and research papers are written in English.
 Spelling and grammar mistakes might occur and cause communication errors.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Lack of motivation: Not all project members share the same interests.
 If a project member does not enjoy working on his assigned tasks, he might
 lose interest and become demotivated.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Scope creep: When new features and ideas are added along the way the project
 might become too big to handle.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Examples of external risk factors are: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Vague project goals: When the client's vision is not clear it is impossible
 to meet expectations.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Transport failure: When public transit fails the project members will not
 be able to attend meetings or work sessions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Supply chain latency: When suppliers are unable to ship in time or at all
 prototyping can come to a hold.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Change of business case: When the client's business case changes, the project
 goals have to be reassessed.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
