#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass IEEEtran
\begin_preamble
\usepackage[left,modulo]{lineno}
\linenumbers
\setlength\linenumbersep{2pt}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman lmodern
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize default
\spacing double
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip bigskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
EMI and Noise: Their Effects on Audio Amplifiers and Means to Counter Them
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Daan Conijn, Kevin Oei
\end_layout

\begin_layout Address
\noindent
\align center
The Hague University of Applied Sciences, Delft
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset include
LatexCommand input
filename "01-abstract-intro-emi_description_and_effects.lyx"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
label "1"
key "key-1"

\end_inset

Y.
 A.
 Adediran, D.
 A.
 Ogundele, E.
 C.
 A.
 Akoma Henry.
 (2010).
 
\shape italic
ELECTROMAGNETIC INTERFERENCE: CAUSES, EFFECTS AND MITIGATION
\shape default
 [online].
 Available FTP: unilorin.edu.ng Directory: publications/adediranya File: ELECTROMA
GNETIC INTERFERENCE CAUSES EFFECTS & MITIGATION.doc
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
label "2"
key "key-2"

\end_inset

H.
 Li et al, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Suppressing electromagnetic interference in direct current converters,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 in 
\shape italic
IEEE Circuits and Systems Magazine
\shape default
, vol.
 9, pp.
 10-28, Dec.
 2009
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
label "3"
key "key-3"

\end_inset

H.
 J.
 Woll, F.
 L.
 Putzrath, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

A note on noise in audio amplifiers,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 in 
\shape italic
Transactions of the IRE Professional Group on Audio
\shape default
, vol.
 AU-2, pp.
 39-42, Mar.-Apr.
 1954
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
