#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass IEEEtran
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman lmodern
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize default
\spacing double
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip bigskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 2
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Abstract
Audio amplifiers are subject to electromagnetic interference (EMI) and noise.
 EMI, a disturbance of an electrical circuit (in this case, an audio amplifier),
 can negatively impact the circuit's performance.
 When affected by EMI, noise can be introduced to the circuit manifesting
 itself as audible artifacts and distortion in the amplifier's output.
 There are numerous methods to mitigate, suppress or even eliminate the
 effects of EMI and noise.
 This paper will discuss the phenomena that are EMI and noise, their effects
 on audio amplifiers and several methods to suppress these effects.
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Might need expanding/partial rewrite after the rest of the paper is finished.
 Why did I even write this already this is supposed to be done after the
 paper is written lol.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Keywords
EMI; noise; audio amplifier; countermeasures; mitigate; suppress.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This paper is written as part of PRO-Q2, the last project in the 2nd year
 of the Electrical Engineering course at The Hague University of Applied
 Sciences.
 In order to prove our competence in performing research and practice with
 writing papers and studying literature, all students participating in PRO-Q2
 are to write an English paper on a subject that is closely related to the
 project assignment (designing and realizing a speaker system).
 Not only will this help gaining experience on writing papers and doing
 research, but the knowledge gained from the research into the subject will
 also be of help during the designing and realization of the project's speaker
 system.
 For this paper, EMI and noise will be discussed.
 EMI and noise are known to have adverse effects on the performance of audio
 amplifiers.
 It is therefore very important to gain insight into the matter before the
 design of the audio amplifier begins.
 An introduction to these terms will be made, explaining what they are and
 what impact they may have on audio amplifiers.
 Then, several methods on mitigating/suppressing/eliminating the effects
 of EMI/noise will be explained in detail.
 Thus, the questions we intend to answer are as follows:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
What is EMI and noise and what effect(s) do they have on audio amplifiers?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
What methods can be used to mitigate/suppress/eliminate EMI and/or noise?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
EMI/noise and their effect on audio amplifiers
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
EMI
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
EMI, short for electromagnetic interference, is the degradation of the effective
 performance of a system due to electromagnetic disturbances.
 It can occur anywhere in the electromagnetic spectrum, from 0 Hz up to
 20 GHz.
 It is however most commonly encountered in the radio frequency (RF) range,
 in which case EMI is also often referred to as radio frequency interference
 (RFI).
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "key-01"

\end_inset

 EMI has become a significant and (in some cases) complex issue, as its
 presence does not only negatively impact the performance of devices, but
 may also impact the health of living organisms.
 Sources of EMI are as diverse as they are aplenty.
 There are natural sources such as cosmic radiation and discharges originating
 from the atmosphere (lightning being one of many examples), and there are
 sources created by man such power lines, radio transmitters, igniters,
 generators, etcetera.
 The consequences of EMI can range from mildly annoying (noise in AM radio
 receivers due to lightning, TV and radio signals being disturbed by operating
 vacuum cleaners) to even life-threatening and lethal situations (pacemakers
 failing prematurely, electrically powered wheelchairs being set in motion
 because of radio- and microwaves, military helicopters crashing) 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "key-02"

\end_inset

.
 Audio amplifiers are also sensitive victims to EMI, since the audio signals
 they process should be as close to the original signal as possible, safe
 for the amplification applied.
 When not properly protected against EMI, noise may manifest into these
 signals, causing undesirable audible alterations to the final output (the
 sound that can be heard coming from the speakers).
 It is clear that, in case of audio amplifiers where sensitive audio signals
 are present, appropriate measures should be taken to mitigate the effects
 of EMI and achieve high-quality performance.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Noise
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A possible result from EMI on electrical devices is the introduction of
 noise on signal paths.
 In electronics, noise is an unintended arbitrary change in the electric
 signal.
 In the case of audio amplifiers, there are certain types of noise that
 may affect the amplifier.
 A couple of these noise types will be explained in further detail, to give
 an idea of what kind of factors play a role in the creation of noise.
 Some examples of noise in audio amplifiers are:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Thermal noise
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Shot noise
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Flicker noise
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Thermal noise (also referred to as Johnson–Nyquist noise) originates from
 the random thermal movement of charge carriers, in almost all cases these
 carriers are electrons.
 This type of noise occurs in any kind of impedance, and its magnitude is
 independent from the voltage applied.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Shot noise is also caused by electrons.
 When electrons traverse barriers (such as a gap), the times at which they
 arrive on the other side of the barrier are discrete.
 The amount of discrete arrivals of these electrons are so numerous that
 they greatly resemble a continuous current.
 However, because this transfer of electrons is actually discrete rather
 than continuous, shot noise is generated 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "key-03"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Flicker noise (also commonly known as 1/f noise or pink noise) is caused
 by local variations of the emission rate of the cathode.
 As one of its names already suggests, flicker noise is dependent on frequency.
 In this case, the magnitude of the noise increases as the frequency lowers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As already mentioned earlier, noise can be introduced through EMI.
 When noise is introduced to the audio signal in an audio amplifier, its
 output will be affected negatively, from buzzing to static noise and pops.
 Noise creates random changes on a signal, and this is something that should
 be avoided when it comes to audio signals in amplifiers.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
