#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass IEEEtran
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman lmodern
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize default
\spacing double
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip bigskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Suppressing EMI
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The goal of this section is to explain the measures that can be taken in
 order to mitigate/suppress/eliminate EMI and/or noise.
 The four types of possible measures against EMI and/or noise that will
 be discussed are shielding, filtering, use of a snubber circuit and the
 use of a differential amplifier.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Shielding
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In order to reduce the electromagnetic field a conducting material is used
 to shield a component from electromagnetic radiation.
 This is usually applied to the casing of the devices that need to be isolated
 from the EMI.
 Cables can also be shielded to isolate the wires from the EMI.
 In order to protect a system, the shielding in its entirety must be capable
 of warding off guided as well as space waves.
 This will result in EMI sources outside of the shielding being unable to
 degenerate the performance of the protected system.
 If a perfectly conducting cylindrical hull that is closed at both ends
 is used, no EMI will affect the circuits inside the hull.
 Considering it is a closed hull, EMI wouldn't be able to penetrate and
 interfere with the internal conductors because there are no rifts or conductors
 in the hull.
 Due to the cylindrical hull being a perfect conductor, no fields radiate
 through the hull.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In practice, cable shields have rifts through which electromagnetic fields
 are able to infiltrate.
 These rifts are caused by the interlaced wires and tapes.
 The carriers within interlaced wire shields shuttle between the outer surface
 and the inner surface in the woven interlacing, allowing a current induced
 on the outer surface to be shipped to the inside of the shield where it
 will be able to interfere with the internal signals and circuits.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The effectiveness and frequency-dependence of the EMI shield is altered
 by the construction techniques and material characteristics used for the
 cable.
 For instance, with an interlaced shield the amount of leakage is dependent
 on the angle and optical coverage of the interlacing, while tape shields
 grant leakage at the tape overlaps.
 At very high frequencies, even foil shields with intertwined slots may
 exhibit leakage.
 Rifts also contribute as a factor in shielding effectiveness.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
If shielding effectiveness is used to assess the performance, the current
 on a core conducter with the shield and without the shield needs to be
 measured on the same point so that both currents are affected by the same
 source from outside the shield.
 The shielding effectiveness is expressed as the ratio of the measured currents
 between the two measurements expressed in decibels 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "key-04"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Filtering
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Theorically, an electrical filter network can be used to filter out lower
 and higher frequencies while letting exact bands of frequencies pass.
 The basic property of an EMI filter with a low pass design, is offering
 a considerably higher impedance to higher frequencies.
 This causes obstruction to the flow of high frequency signals.
 Thus, the strength of undesirable signals get diminished and attenuated
 by the EMI filter.
 This will result in laying the focus on thinking in terms of attenuation,
 insertion loss and filter impedance when designing a EMI filter, opposed
 to designing a regular filter where the emphasis will be laid on poles,
 zeros, group delay, pre-distortion, attenuation, and the order of the filter.
 While in both circumstances the approach is mathematically the same, EMI
 filtering is not a definite science like regular filtering.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For instance: if an anti-alias filter within a data-acquisition application
 is needed, an active low-pass filter might be used.
 This requires exact placement of the -3dB corner frequencies.
 The goal of EMI filters is to create maximum mismatch impedance at unwanted
 frequencies while causing no change to the desired frequencies due to arranging
 the maximum matching impedance 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "key-05,key-06"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Snubber circuit
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A simple RC snubber consists of a small resistor that is placed in series
 with a small capacitor.
 The snubber can be placed over a switch so it may be used to diminish the
 peak voltage at turn-off and to damp the ringing.
 Usually the proper values can easily be resolved by using a very simple
 design technique.
 In situations where a more optimized design is necessary, a considerably
 more complicated procedure is used.
 The downside of RC snubbers is that when the power level exceeds a few
 hundred watts, the loss in this type of snubber can be enormous in contrast
 to other types of snubbers.
 Within the high power applications the RC snubber can still be used as
 a secondary damping network to muzzle high frequency ringing which does
 not consist of high amounts of energy 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "key-07,key-08,key-09"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The RCD snubber has a few advantages over the RC snubber such as being able
 to limit the peak voltage, the total circuit can be reduced by the RCD
 snubber and the losses of given values of the capacitor will be decreased.
 However there is a downside to having a RCD snubber.
 
\color black
On account of the diode across the resistor.

\color inherit
 When de capacitor is being charged, the effective value of the resistor
 is approximately zero.
 Due to this not being an optimal value for a given capacitor, the voltages
 will be surpassing those of an optimized RC snubber 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "key-09"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So if a proper snubber is used to suppress EMI, multiple of the intermediate
 frequencies are attenuated by a substantial amount.
 For that reason, it is clear EMI can be supressed by snubbers 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "key-10"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Differential amplifier
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The differential amplifier consists of an operational amplifier.
 The operational amplifier is an active electronic voltage amplifier.
 These are generally used in integrated circuits that have a very high gain
 factor whereby the amplified input voltage will be offered at the output.
 The differential amplifier amplifies the discrepancy between two points
 with none of the points being a ground.
 The non-differential amplifier will amplify a proportion of a signal where
 the ground of the circuit is commonly used as reference signal.
 Differential amplifiers may be used to measure the difference between the
 input terminals.
 Now the common-mode interference that exists on the input terminals is
 effectively filtered out.
 In order to filter out noise on the input signal, the amplifier will use
 both a non-inverted input signal and an inverted input signal.
 This will cause the inverted signal to be subtracted from the non-inverted
 signal, subsequently filtering out the noise 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "key-11,key-12,key-13"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Related works
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
C.
 D.
 Motchenbacher, 
\shape italic
Low-Noise Electronic System Design
\shape default
, Wiley-Interscience, 1993.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
D.
 Foo Kune, J.
 Backesy, S.
 S.
 Clarkz, D.
 Kramer, M.
 Reynolds, K.
 Fu, Y.
 Kimk, and W.
 Xu, 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Ghost Talk: Mitigating EMI Signal Injection Attacks against Analog Sensors,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 in
\shape slanted
 2013 IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy
\shape default
, pp.
 154-155, May.
 2013.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Conclusion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
EMI is the degradation of the effective performance of a system due to electroma
gnetic disturbances.
 EMI has become a significant and (in some cases) complex issue, as its
 presence does not only negatively impact the performance of devices, but
 may also impact the health of living organisms.
 Audio amplifiers are also sensitive victims to EMI, since the audio signals
 they process should be as close to the original signal as possible, safe
 for the amplification applied.
 When not properly protected against EMI, noise may manifest into these
 signals, causing undesirable audible alterations to the final output (the
 sound that can be heard coming from the speakers).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In electronics, noise is an unintended arbitrary change in the electric
 signal.
 In the case of audio amplifiers, there are certain types of noise that
 may affect the amplifier.
 When noise is introduced to the audio signal in an audio amplifier, its
 output will be affected negatively, from buzzing to static noise and pops.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Four possible methods to mitigate/suppress/eliminate EMI and/or noise are
 shielding, filtering, use of a snubber circuit and the use of a differential
 amplifier.
 Shielding is an effective way to eliminate EMI from an application.
 It can be accomplished by casing a circuit in a conducting material.
 If this casing is completely closed from the outside, the circuit inside
 the casing will be protected from EMI.
 However, if cables are connected to the circuit from outside, these will
 need to be shielded too.
 Filtering is used to diminish and attenuate the strength of undesirable
 signals.
 Thus, the goal of EMI filters is to create maximum mismatch impedance at
 unwanted frequencies while causing no change to the desired frequencies.
 The snubber circuit, if calculated properly, will substantially attenuate
 EMI by attenuating multiple intermediate frequencies.
 The differential amplifier will subsequently filter out the noise by subtractin
g an inverted input signal from a non-inverted input signal.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
