#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing double
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 2
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
Supressing EMI:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The goal of this portion is to explain the measures that can be taken in
 order to mitigate/suppress/eliminate EMI and/or noise.
 The four types of measures against EMI and/or noise that will be discussed
 are shielding, filtering, Use of a snubber circuit and the use of a differentia
l amplifier.
 
\series bold
\color red
Ghost Talk - Mitigating EMI Signal Injection Attacks against Analog Sensors.pdf
\series default
\color inherit
 
\begin_inset VSpace defskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
1) Shielding: 
\shape default
In order to reduce the electromagnetic field a conducting material is used
 to shield a component from electromagnetic radiation.
 This is usually applied to the casing of the devices that needs to be isolated
 from the EMI.
 Cables can also be shielded to isolate the wires from the EMI.
 In order to protect a system, the shielding in its entirety must be capable
 of warding off guided as well as space waves.
 This will result in EMI sources outside of the shielding being unable to
 degenerate the performance of the protected system.
 If a perfectly conducting cylindrical hull that is closed at both end is
 used then no EMI will affect the circuits inside the hull.
 Considering it is a closed hull, EMI wouldn't be able to penetrate and
 interfere with the internal conductors because there aren not any rifts
 or conductors in the hull.
 Due to the cylindrical hull being a perfect conductor, no fields radiate
 through the hull.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Practical cable shields have rifts where though electromagnetic fields are
 able to infiltrate.
 These rifts are caused by the interlaced wires and tapes.
 The carriers within interlaced wire shields shuttle between the outer surface
 and the inner surface in the woven interlacing allowing a currunt induced
 on the outer surface to be shipped to the inside of the shield where it
 will be able to interfere with the internal circuits.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The effectiveness and frequency dependance of the EMI shield is altered
 by the construction techniques and material characteristics used for the
 cable.
 For instance, with a interlaced shield the amount of leakage is dependent
 on the angle and optical coverage of the interlacing, while tape shields
 grant leakage at the tape overlaps and at very high frequencies even foil
 shields with intertwined slots may display leakage.
 Rifts also contribute as factor in shielding effectiveness.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
If shielding effectiveness is used to assess the performance then the current
 on a core conducter with the shield and without the shield needs to be
 measured on the same point so that both currents are affected by the same
 source from outside the shield.
 The shielding effectiveness the ratio between the measuresments expressed
 in decibels.
 
\series bold
\color red
IEEE std 1143-1994.pdf
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
2) Filtering:
\shape default
 Theoretically, an electrical filter network can be used to filter out lower
 and higher frequencies while letting exact bands of frequencies pass.
 The basic property of an EMI filter with a low pass design, is offering
 a considerably higher impedance to higher frequencies.
 This causes obstruction to the flow of high frequency signals.
 So the strength of undesirable signals gets diminished and attenuated by
 the EMI filter.
 This will result in laying the focus on thinking in terms of attenuation,
 insertion loss and filter impedance when designing a EMI filter, while
 when designing a regular filter the emphasize will be laid in terms of
 poles, zeros, group delay, pre-distortion, attenuation, and the order of
 the filter.
 While in both circumstances the approach is mathematically the same, EMI
 filtering is not a definite science like regular filtering.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For instance: if an anti-alias filter within a data acquisition application
 is needed, an active low-pass filter might be used.
 This requires exact placement of the -3dB corner frequencies.
 The goal of EMI filters is to create maximum mismatch impedance at unwanted
 frequencies while causing no change to the desired frequencies due to arranging
 the maximum matching impedance.
 
\series bold
\color red
LINK IN EMI-4-THINGS.TXT(BOEK : EMI filter design third edition Richard Lee
 Ozenbaugh, Timothy M.
 Pullen) / VermogensElektronica dictaat def.pdf
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
3) Snubber circuit:
\shape default
 An simple RC snubber consists of a small resistor that is placed in serie
 with a small capacitor.
 The snubber can be placed over a switch so it may be used to diminish the
 peak voltage at turn-off and to damp the ringing.
 Usually the proper values can easily be resolved by using a very simple
 design technique.
 In situation where a more optimum design is necessary, a considerably more
 complicated procedure is used.
 The down side of RC snubbers is that when the power level exceeds a few
 hundred watts the loss in this type of snubber can be enormous in contrast
 to other types of snubbers.
 Within the high power applications the RC snubber can still be used as
 a secondary damping network to muzzle high frequency ringing which does
 not consist of high amounts of energy.
 
\series bold
\color red
VermogensElektronica dictaat def.pdf / Design of Snubbers fro Power Circuits-1.pdf
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The RCD snubber has a few advantages over the RC snubber such as being able
 to limit the peak voltage, the total circuit can be reduced by the RCD
 snubber and the losses of given values of the capacitor will be decreased.
 However there is a downside to having an RCD snubber.
 On count of the diode across the resistor.
 When de capacitor is being charged the effective value of the resistor
 is approximately zero.
 Due to this not being at optimum value for a given capacitor the Voltages
 will be surpassing those of an optimized RC snubber.

\series bold
\color red
 Design of Snubbers fro Power Circuits-1.pdf
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So if an proper snubber is used to suppress EMI, multiple of the intermediate
 frequencies are attenuanted by a substantial amount.
 For that reason, it is clear EMI can be supressed by snubbers.

\series bold
\color red
 A STUDY OF THE EFFECTS OF SNUBBER ON SWITCHING LOSS.pdf
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
4) Differential Amplifier:
\shape default
 The differential amplifier consists of an operational amplifier.
 The operational amplifier is an active electronic voltage amplifier.
 These are generally used at integrated circuits which have a very high
 gain factor whereby the amplified input voltage will be offered at the
 output.
 The differential amplifier amplifies the discrepancy between two points
 with none of the point being a ground.
 The non-differential amplifier will amplify proportion of a signal where
 the ground of the circuit is commonly used as reference signal.
 Differential amplifiers may be used to measure the difference between the
 input terminals.
 Now the common mode interference that exists on the input terminals is
 effectively filtered out.
 In order to filter out noise on the input signal the amplifier will use
 both a non-inverted input signal and an inverted input signal.
 This will cause that the inverted signal gets subtracted from the non-inverted
 signal and subsequently filters out the noise.
 
\series bold
\color red
Design of an Operational Amplifier.pdf / US5451898.pdf / US5481225.pdf
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace defskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Conclusion:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The four methodes that are presented to mitigate/suppres/eliminate EMI and/or
 noise, shielding, filtering, Use of a snubber circuit and the use of a
 differential amplifier.
 Shielding is an effective way to eliminate EMI from a application.
 It can be accompliced by casing a circuit in a conducting material.
 If this casing is completely closed from the outside, then this will result
 in that the outside EMI will not interfere with the cased circuit , although
 if cables are connected then these will need to be shielded too.
 Filtering is used to diminished and attenuated the strength of undesirable
 signals.
 So the goal of EMI filters is to create maximum mismatch impedance at unwanted
 frequencies while causing no change to the desired frequencies.
 The snubber circuit, if calculated properly will substantial attenuanted
 EMI from multiple of the intermediate frequencies.
 The differential amplifier will due to subtracting a inverted input signal
 from an non-inverted input signal subsequently filter out the noise.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
