#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman lmodern
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip bigskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Conclusions and recommendations
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:conclusions"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After approximately 2 months of working on PRO-Q2, the active loudspeaker
 was finally finished by connecting the power supply, the power amplifier
 and the preamplifier.
 After testing the active loudspeaker as a whole, the team concluded that
 the active loudspeaker works.
 The sound may not be perfect but at the very least the speaker is able
 to reproduce sound without excessive distortions.
 Unfortunately the DCU was not tested.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The bass and treble also works well when turning the bass and treble on
 and off.
 The volume control works well when turning the volume off and on.
 The balance control works when turning the balance control on and off.
 The preamplifier was simulated and measured and the bode plots of the simulatio
ns and measurements correspond with each other as seen in section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:preamp-analysis"

\end_inset

.
  The conclusion can be made that the calculations of the components of
 the preamplifier are correct and that the preamplifier meets the specifications.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The power supply meets all specifications and it supplies all voltages required
 to make the system work.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The power amplifier meets all specifications, its temperature stays within
 the accepted range and it produces clean audio.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As the source code in the appendices already notes, at the time of writing
 the DCU had not been connected and tested yet.
 Building the code resulted in the expected errors associated with the yet-to-be
-defined values in the header files, but all other errors that were previously
 present have been succesfully ironed out.
 In short, source-code-wise the DCU is fully finished, although its functionalit
y is yet to be proven.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
