#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman lmodern
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip bigskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
The project problem, specifications and preconditions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The project problem introduces the fictional company BARK, a small yet well-know
n manufacturer of loudspeakers.
 For some time, BARK has contemplated the development of a series of active
 speakers using built-in power amplifiers.
 The market price of these types of speakers have shown a significant reduction
 in the recent years, thus making it an interesting move for the company.
 Speakers with this setup offer a range of great advantages, including the
 avoidance of large speaker cables, the possibility of using cheaper electronic
 crossover circuits and a straight-forward design of the circuits.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It is likely that buyers of these active speakers also have the intention
 of buying a high-end stereo preamplifier.
 These types of preamplifiers are known to be expensive and uncommon.
 For this reason, BARK developed a new preamplifier to be built into the
 speaker system.
 The specifications of the preamplifier have already been established by
 a previous team.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
The problem
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In light of the recent digitization of every electronic product, BARK decided
 that it also wants the speaker and its electronics to be controlled by
 a digital system of some sorts.
 However, being a loudspeaker manufacturer, their knowledge of analogue
 and digital electronic systems is somewhat limited.
 A series of researches are to be conducted in order to gain the required
 knowledge and skills in these fields.
 The project team is to design an active loudspeaker system and realise
 a demonstration model according to the specifications and preconditions
 given.
 By the end of the project, the live demonstration should prove the correct
 operation.
 Documentation and a cost calculation are also to be provided.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Specifications and preconditions
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
